Now so that we have covered everything up to the ad download button and the text field where the URL
is going to be like pasted.
And then on clicking the add download button event is going to be performed that the download is to
be started after that.
Now in the next part, we are going to set up the download table.
So this table is going to be set up with the help of this part of the code.
And this part is going to create a new table model with the help of the table component of string library
as well.
And this table is going to like select our like action listener is attached to that table also.
And whenever we are going to like select an event from the table, then our event is going to be changed.
Like suppose our download is started and like this, so like this, suppose this is going to be like
added to the row and this is like continuously changing.
So the action is to be listened continuously and the download is performing.
A progress bar is increasing and everything is like in motion all the time.
Not in this, but in this part.
Everything is in motion.
So the table is set to event values are getting changed.
So the argument is to list selection event.
So we have like this action performing at the time.
So that function is going to be considered for this and similarly for all of them.
Now after this, like we can select only one row at a time to play, pause, resume, or to perform
any other actions.
We cannot like pause two of the rows at the same time.
So we are going to use this single selection method of the list selection model for doing so.
So yes, so only one row is to be selected at a time.
Now we are done with the like selection part of the table introduction part.
Now the progress render.
So the progress bar is increasing continuously from 0 to 100 and this renderer is also saying so that
zero and 100 are going to be the starting and ending part of the progress render.
In the next part we have like a certain string painted through like by default the if that row is selected.
So the progress render is by default set to blue background.
You can see it here that it is showing a blue background thing.
So if the download is here, then it is that background is here.
Now if it is completed to 100%, then complete the block.
This progress render is converted to blue background highlight.
After this we are setting a height and width for the table and the progress part also so that the progress
bar do not exceeds the table column.
So in order to do so we are using like get preferred size in order to like fix that progress bar within
the column, not to like exceed outside the column.
So this is doing that now we have to set up the download panel.
So what actually the download panel is this complete thing is the download panel and this download panel
is going to be like contain a title.
So that title is containing the word downloads.
And inside this we are setting our layout and the size for the download label head.
You can see this bold download is appearing with the help of this.
So yes, we have started the title Border and Border Layout Center.
So this is going to be the like layout and the position of the text according to the table size.
So it is in the middle of the above line and below line.
We have above and below border for this text.
Now Button's panel so this buttons panel is also a very important part in this.
We have this button panel.
Once a specific row is selected, then only the button panel is going to be highlighted.
And also the player is disabled in the beginning.
Once we have like selected auto and.
And only then only we can clear it or otherwise.
If the download is done, then we can simply clear it.
But if the download is is a progress status so we cannot clear it directly, we have to first cancel
the download, then only we can clear it.
So looking up to this lower bottom column, this contains four buttons pause, resume, cancel and clear.
So what actions are attached to those buttons?
So we have used like all the components of the string library.
So in this we are also going to do so.
So this pause button is going to call action pause.
We are going to create functions for every button in the action event thing we are going to create later.
So Action Listener is going to be attached to our main class download manager.
Firstly, let us like understand what is happening inside this panel.
So initially we are like setting everything inside the panel.
Then only we are going to add actions.
So yes, this is for the pause button.
It is going to create action performed function with event as an argument and action is going to be
pause.
Similarly, for resume and for cancel and clear.
So everything is going to be written inside the J button component as all four of them are buttons and
nothing else.
So it's after looking at the addition of these buttons to the panel.
Now, after this, we are like setting this clear button to disable in the beginning by default.
So by default this set enable it set to false.
The argument is boolean.
We have set this clear button as false and button's panel and we have added a clear button to the panel.
Now similarly, we have added all the buttons to the panel and this is for like add panels to the display.
So we have four buttons.
So we are adding all the four buttons to the frame after this.
For the exit programme, we have created this action exit above here.
We have done it in the first part, I think.
Yes.
So this is for the closing window event we are going to perform in order to escape the application window.
So, yes, we have created this exit programme function which is going to call like system exit and
it is going to set it to NULL in order to escape from that application.
Also, we have added all the panels to the display.
Now after this, we have covered this exit the programme part.
Now to add new download, what is this?
So this is the addition of a unique row.
Once we paste your URL in the text field and hit that download button.
So this part is going to be responsible for adding unique rows for every download, like in order to
attach it to the table.
We are like making.
So this table so far, this part, every row is going to be added.
For a specific download you are then modify the order.
So this verified you are is a component of the string library as well, which verifies that whether
this you are is a valid one or not.
So by default this is set to like not null.
So we have to like paste to order in order to add it to the download panel.
So after this, on clicking the Add download button, a new download is going to be added to the row
like this.
So we have pasted the URL now it is not equal to null.
Then only we can click this add download and then this is added to the row and the download starts.
So add text field set text.
So this text field is we are adding to this action add in order to like to make things like yes, this
action add is we have added this add panel to the panel.
Now after this, we are attaching like action listener for that add panel which we are doing here.
Yes.
So initially the text field is empty.
The ones he paste the URL, then it is going to start the download and add it to the frame also.
So else suppose if you are all is not abandoned then what is going to happen?
So it is going to display that in invalid download URL error.
So suppose that you mistakenly pressed like pasted a wrong URL and then hit this add download button.
Then this is going to like short text that wait, you have pasted a wrong URL, try pasting another
one and then start like the new download process.
So yes, you should input that, download the URL very carefully in order to make a successful download.
So this is the new download part now for the verification of the URL like we have covered in the introduction
part that once we paste like inputted URL and our error was displayed, so that is going to be checked
here that whether the link is not broken or the link is like error free, then only the download is
to restarted.
So it is going to check whether the link is starting with http and then all the text like information
bits that you are is in lowercase.
And also we can like start links with as http.
And actually both are the protocols, valid protocols, just this as the notes are secured and this
without s is simply hypertext transfer protocol.
So yes, we are like verified that the U.S. is valid, valid or not.
Now format of the URL is going to be checked here using a try and catch exception handling method.
You are l is not null then verify the URL is to be added with the new URL and the argument also says
so as if like that is any exception they are is not valid, then things is going to be like stop and
it is going to be return null.
So make sure that you are real.
Specify the fine.
So like your URL should contain a file like we have can paste any random link which is not containing
anything.
So we have to like check that whether this link has a file attached to it or not.
So yes, this is going to check not whether the URL is verified in all the ways or not.
Like verifying the download URL format of the URL and specify the file whether the URL, specify the
file or not.
And then after all this, we are going to return the verified URL.
So this is the total process of verifying the URL that whether it is valid or not.
Now after this, if suppose everything is verified or the download has started successfully, now after
this, suppose if we select a specific URL or specific row is selected in order to perform any tasks.
So this part is for that we have to like check that whether the selection is that we made is not null,
then only we can perform the tasks so if not clearing.
So this if statement signifies that we have to add a clearing like suppose this download is not cleared,
it is already present.
Then only we can add like receive notifications from it, like whether it is downloading, whether there
is an error or the download has completed.
So these are the specific notifications we are supposed to receive now.
Pause, resume, cancel and clear functionalities are added here.
We have created a pause function similarly for the resume and for cancel and clearing.
So these three are like working in a similar way, but the difference arrives here in the clear button.
In the by default the clearing was set to false above.
We have discussed it, so for clearing we have to set the boolean clearing object to true.
Then we have to like enable the clear button once the cancer like.
Once the download is selected and it is canceled, then only this buttons becomes enabled.
And yes, so we are going to like set a clear specific selection.
A specific selected row is only going to be cleared, not all the rows.
So yes, we can clear one row at a time, not multiple rows at a time.
So once the selected row is cleared, then again the clearing boolean object is set to false and everything
is like back to normal.
Selected download is again set to null.
Now in order to clear something else, we have to again select a download.
Then this null will set to like a specific order and then we can perform all the actions, pause the
resume, clear and cancel everything.